---
layout:     post
title:      Why I Code
date:       2013-04-11 11:21:29
summary:    I love music, songs often play in my head for hours or even days. 
categories: The-Starter-League bootcamp
---

I love music, songs often play in my head for hours or even days. Unfortunately if you sit me in front of a piano there isn’t much I can do with it. I certainly cannot create music, at least beyond tapping a few keys here and there. I’ve always been envious of those who could be with a group of friends, see a piano, sit down and just start jamming. How nice it would be to just jump in with an awesome rendition of “Benny and the Jets” by Elton John.

One thing I can do is make a website. Right now, right this second, I could get an idea for the next big thing, I could get something up on the internet, A/B test it, hell I might even be able to create a decent marketing plan so it gains exposure. But I also code for the little ideas, the ones that make you chuckle, the ridiculous ones…

This is why I code.

I code for creation, empowerment, and freedom… I code so that I can enact the next idea.

Much like someone who plays the piano can create music, I code so that I can create web apps, enact ideas, and ultimately have freedom of expression. Everyday I can ask myself, “What do I want to build today?” This runs deeper than a career, level of income, or anything on paper. Being able to create things, to bring them to life on the screen, this has infinite potential, I said INFINITE potential. For me, it’s about creation, being the craftsman, being the ultimate authority for YOUR specific app. That is powerful, more powerful than any amount of money.

This is what drives me, this is why I code.
