---
layout:     post
title:      Top 5 Reactions To My Onewheel
date:       2015-08-01 11:21:29
summary:    “He will win who knows how to handle superior and inferior forces” — Art of War by Sun Tzu
categories: Jekyll tech product-review
---

Compeition is tough out there in 2015. Guy works at scrappy music

# Joe 

Person of Interest: Male, 40s, on a bike, wearing an old superbowl t-shirt and sunglasses. We'll call him Joe.

Time and Place: Lakeview Chicago, two lane street no bike lane, fairly busy.

Stopped at at stop light, within arms length, Joe looks down at my curious device.

> Joe: “Whoa... did you invent that”

> Me: “No, it was a kickstarter”

The light turns green and we start to move through the intersection, he then starts to weave though traffic which was stopped at the next light. Now after passing a few cars is now again close to me and moving slowly as the light turns green and we pass through the next interstion.

> Joe: “Huh...”

> Me: (yells) “It was a kickstarter”

> Joe: “KICK ASS is what it is!”

Joe then rode off. 

# Jill

Person of Interest: Physical traits unknown, based on the voice and environment I would estimate Female, 20s.

Time and Place: Wrigleyville 12:30am, Bar Area

As I passed the intersection about to ride into the heart of the bar area of Wrigleyville, People overflowing into the street. Since it's at night I am wearing my full light setup with pulsating lights.

> Jill: "Hey, Justin Beieber has one of those"

I laughed and kept riding.

# Wayne

Note: Don't do what I am about to describe. Espcially if you see me out there, just a nice wave would be fine.

Person of Interst: Male, 30s, driving a small pickup with the rear glass siding window

Time and Place: Wicker Park, moderately busy four lane road with a large median

As a group of cars passed me, Wayne drove past
